---
title: "Paper Title Number 1"
collection: research
permalink: /research/_research_1
---

In the last decade, important efforts have been made in Peru to expand access to secondary education; however, quality has not kept pace with this expansion and its heterogeneity has worsened, mainly among private schools. Taking educational performance as an indicator of educational quality, the present study has as its first objective to identify the differences in the educational performance of high school students attending public and private schools, and if these differences persist once the composition has been incorporated school, for which, an educational production function is estimated. A second objective is to explain those factors that lead to the gap in educational performance among students in public schools and private schools. The results show that, the differences initially observed in school performance in favor of private schools decrease drastically and cease to be significant once it is controlled by the socioeconomic composition of the schools. This suggests that the type of school management is not clearly associated with differences in student performance in any of the areas evaluated by PISA. Likewise, it was found that the gap in school performance between public and private school students would be explained mainly by school composition and the variables associated with the student and his family.'	excerpt: 'In the last decade, important efforts have been made in Peru to expand access to secondary education; however, quality has not kept pace with this expansion and its heterogeneity has worsened, mainly among private schools. Taking educational performance as an indicator of educational quality, the present study has as its first objective to identify the differences in the educational performance of high school students attending public and private schools, and if these differences persist once the composition has been incorporated school, for which, an educational production function is estimated. A second objective is to explain those factors that lead to the gap in educational performance among students in public schools and private schools. The results show that, the differences initially observed in school performance in favor of private schools decrease drastically and cease to be significant once it is controlled by the socioeconomic composition of the schools. This suggests that the type of school management is not clearly associated with differences in student performance in any of the areas evaluated by PISA. Likewise, it was found that the gap in school performance between public and private school students would be explained mainly by school composition and the variables associated with the student and his family.

